Love me or hate me
Hit me, hit me
Kill me, kill me
I saw, I saw
The moon's night
The time to kill, kill, so go get it
Turn around, turn around
The edge of the era
Swallowed
I saw, I saw
The future, the time, the past
I'm gonna be blown away
So let's meet again
Drowning in the music
I admit my imperfect self
A fiction of a daydream
A lie and a true lie
Forgive me for my imperfect love
I don't care, let's live on this stage
High tension of the music
Without a yellow wrap, I won't be able to be quiet
Love me love me love me so much
Love me, love me, love me, love me, love me
Love me, love me, love me, love me
Yeah!
Love, love, hug each other
Always the best
It's okay to be deceived
I don't care about the compensation
Love, love, struggle
Wipe away the external love
I'll drink the last straw
I'll be waiting for you.
Farewell, see you again.
I was buying cats.
Continue.
Suddenly, a policeman came to talk to me.
Two, three more people. If we get caught like this, the cats will die.
It was a decision we shouldn't have made. I'm the only one who knows we're winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the mother and two other police officers were found at home.
Morioka city rebelled against the suspect of murder because manyaning Salimathrade,
who lived nearby swimming, might never
find who attack the victim of 1st.
I found a blood-stained blade.
It's the current version.
The DNA test later showed that the blade's bloodline and the victim's DNA matched.
The guard consistently denied the crime.
Even the evidence of the blade...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind you, you cut the table.
No. He was in a bad mood because his friend was using drugs.
Is that a trauma? Even if it is, he picked it up.
A bloody knife? Why?
He was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know. It's impossible to say everything.
But the environment of the Oe, considering the NPO staff working in the dormitory, I don't think it's a possible thing.
NPO staff?
The main activities are shelter management and self-support for the elderly without a place to go.
The Oe was there to take care of them as a job.
But he wasn't paid.
He's not paid for anything.
He's only paid for his annual salary,
and he's only paid for his lunch and food.
Even so,
he's been paid 50,000 yen a month
as his rent.
Eww.
It seems that the residents have
a lot of money.
The reason is that the order of the
police was delayed.
It's a bad decision to call him.
He's a peddler and a rescuer.
He's a nuisance to the neighbors.
That organization is pretty gray.
Yeah, it's almost black gray.
But even here, since the disaster recovery funds have been flowing in,
there are more and more NPO officials who are suspicious of the actual operation.
It's not surprising that the crisis is falling.
The possibility of the defense being white is 12%.
First, the activities of the organization, tax credit, and the status of all the residents.
Alright. I'll ask the boss about the situation, so you can continue investigating.
Don't you think I'm putting a lot of pressure on you?
Can I buy you a cat?
A cat?
Black-collar workers are cheap, but they do a lot of things.
They're all guilty.
And they don't have the right to be executed.
They could be sentenced to death.
It's a waste of time.
Hey, Mr. Sunwheel, why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes!
I'm just doing what I think.
You're still the same.
It's hard for a boss to be not interested in money.
I wouldn't say that you should be a co-worker at a coffee shop like Takagi-san, but...
But, as always, have you been like this for a long time, Higuruma-san?
No it actually worse than before Yes When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to the person in charge,
and he couldn't get a bail,
and he couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do it somehow.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're tired of me, aren't you?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
It's fine to be a victim of a crime.
But we don't understand the courts and the prosecution.
We're not the ones who should be punished.
But we're the only ones who can do it.
We don't understand the law and the police.
We're the only ones who can do it.
We can't continue until the client is angry.
They are financially and mentally trapped.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
Your punishment is bringen prison.
Your tuition.
Gu Ban?
What?
Did he really win?
Not yet.
I'll be back soon.
I'm sorry.
The stolen items were not found in Oe's room.
There was a person who went missing right after the crime in the NPO.
And the crime scene that the body predicted,
the security camera in the convenience store,
and Oe-san was in the scene, it was a big deal.
I'm glad Oe-san didn't commit suicide.
Mr. Higuruma, thank you very much.
Please forgive me.
Besides, I'm still breathing.
It's not that...
Thank you for believing in me.
The next day.
The defense has to act with limited budget and number of people.
The police will give evidence with tax and manpower.
That's good. That's the way it works.
No evidence of the case was soon dropped by the case committee, but from the provisional innocent who scattered on Alumni, we didn't is revealed any trace of evidence.
The charges were Schwartz to
put a fee and then're pulling clean from his broke to Yakuza Fixer
This trial has always been a crime.
Why do you...
look at me with those eyes?
What's going to happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I don't hold a grudge against the perpetrators.
I've always felt that I was strange.
But that's not the only thing that's not fixed.
The Goddess of Justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality.
People close their eyes for the sake of their own good.
But I don't want to lose the hand that I'm holding on to.
I want to open my eyes.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
Mr. Higuruma?
Everyone, go back.
I'm going to start over.
The sun is shining on Shinjuku.
I'm in Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku. Itadori is heading there.
Ikebukuro? Is Shiguro there?
I'm sorry, I'm late.
It's a little late.
When will she bring the next one?
What No no it It not working at all Then what is it Like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it, but...
Why can't I understand?
Are you stupid?
They don't study or exercise much, but they have a lot of pride.
You just have to keep up with them so they don't hurt you.
That way, you won't be a burden to the others.
Sometimes, you can have good feelings.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
You're the one who's talking about that?
I guess I'm not a good person to talk to.
Judo!
I'm against violence!
I'm not a monster!
You...
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The chance of encountering the player is increasing.
There are two reasons for passing through here.
It's easy to understand the way.
There's my base nearby.
Let me take a shower.
I haven't rested well since yesterday.
The fire engine is based on this theater.
I wish it hadn't moved.
Oho! You really saved me! Thank you!
Wait!
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a Kotenpan.
Then it's okay. I won against a Heliatama, so I can run away.
See you!
No, I'm not saying that.
I'm not going to do this anymore.
I'm sorry, Itadori.
...
Oho!
Time is a waste.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You too.
You too?
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought you did. It feels good.
That's right.
I liked the class of diving in the water when I was in elementary school.
I've been thinking about how to do it, but it's not working.
I'm trying to do what I thought I shouldn't do.
I've been out of luck for more than 30 years.
Paraga.
It's a little interesting.
You're a sunshade, aren't you?
I'm not.
I want to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
Yeah, I'm just kidding.
I just wanted to answer some of the bad lawyers.
I see.
This guy from earlier...
You have 100 points, right?
He's not a past Jutsu master who was born in the Jutsu world.
He's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
His story is strong.
He has a place to negotiate.
Well, you passed, you passed.
Huh?
It's fine now, I understand.
That's a good sign.
You're strong, aren't you?
If you're weak, you can just kill me and that's it.
It's fine, you can be my friend.
What's that?
I didn't hear you.
What are you trying to say?
How much do you know about the Shime Tsu Kaiyuu?
It's a ritual, right?
Using the understandings of the players in the player 각 andlloking anyone in the Penny Bibli.
To turn them intorente What I said it Um simply We want to end the Shime Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the forced killing impossible
Please let me use the 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll say it simply, too.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No. I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukai.
I believe in the power of the law.
Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rule of the
Shime-tsukaiyuu?
If the power given to me is real,
then the rule is real, too.
I'm using the power of the player you just said.
It's probably a bluff.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of the second and third hands rather than a bluff.
The basis is three.
The number of players,
The rules of the barrier.
If about 1000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
But among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a casimo or a fireball.
With just these two, 60 sorcerers have already been taken.
There must be one similar group in each colony.
Only the strong remain at an early stage.
I felt that the death of the enemy would be a success.
The barrier was too quiet.
It's already...
At least, this is the first episode of Tokyo.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There is also the purpose of scattering people, but the first one is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people will die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight longer and longer with more and more of the Jutsu.
There is no need for a national or a national order.
If the one who broke the rules would be punished like a physical law without fighting for justice, wouldn't that be wonderful?
I admit that the rules have problems, but I want to watch over the system of the Kaiyuu.
It's a problem if it ends soon.
Especially the rule 2 and 8, the rule of the rule of the rule,
I want to see it once.
I think you'll die if you break the rule.
The death of the world is a ritual itself.
If you're still here, all the people in this country will die.
You're a fool.
The death of the world is a song of the Aesop.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Spades.
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like?
You seem to be more comfortable than I thought.
Shikigami?
Higuruma is a 100-point holder.
He might have killed 20 people.
I can't jump into the darkness.
I have a small hand, but I can handle any kind of attack.
Indirect mobile.
Target device field.
Ver pier of hope, the Landes ticker.
This is for certain.
The weak will drop their bomb, the dark will be after them.
You're getting colder
The palm of my hand that I stretched out cuts through the air
Won't it be the same as before?
I'm being swallowed up by the waves that push me
I'm going forward while destroying the future
Will it end?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and scattered
I'm not afraid of anything, because I'm already empty
I'm sure you'll erase this day for the end
I don't want anything anymore, because I'm afraid to lose it again
It's already the next morning, but the fog remains unhealed
Dialect bathed his eyebrows
All the same, and reduced it into mystery
Fade into reality
you